# I18N your slides

If you want to translate your slides, you simply have to add the extension corresponding to the translated language : `XX-slide.FR.md`.
The default language used is English, so by default a file with no extension or when you ask for english slides, the engine provides you the markdown files without lang suffix.
If you're asking for a slide that is not available in the asked language, the engine will provide you the "default" language slide.
To summarize, asking for `EN` language will serve you default markdown files.

## How to use it ?

If you have provided translation, to specify the language you want to use, you have two options :

-   define the language in the index.html
-   adding a parameter specifying the language

**The translated file has to be the exact translation of all the slides you in the original deck. As we serve a whole file, if there are missing slides in the translate file, there will be no fallback ! **

The suffix of translated file have to be in **uppercase** !

### Configuration in the index.html

```html
<body>
    <div class="reveal">
        <div class="slides" data-lang="EN">...</div>
    </div>
</body>
```

### Configuration by URL

Simply add a query parameter in the URL `data-lang` with the wanted language after.

## Changing default language

If you want to change the default language, you have to specify to the initializer which language it is:

tcI18nOptions :

```javascript
tcI18nOptions: {
    baseMarkdownPath: 'markdown/',
    defaultLang:'FR'
},
```

-   `baseMarkdownPath` : specify the path to your markdown files (from the '/index.html' baseref).
-   `defaultLang` : Lang in uppercase to use by default

## There are errors in my console.

Indeed, if you haven't translated all your files, due to "fallback" mechanism, we check that every asked file exists before serving it. So if you don't translate all your files, it will display you 404 errors.
